New abilities first commit (#36)
GameBrains/er-core: modules/experimental/pages/markerlights.adoc

= Markerlights

`Unit ability`

{blank}[TODO: add introductory text.]

---

Where your unit has the {markerlights} ability:

> * Any enemy detachment currently within 30 cm and Line of Fire of the unit is marked.
> * This does not apply if the unit's detachment is Broken, or Marched this turn.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*As long as the unit's detachment is not Broken and was not placed on March orders this turn, then:
** Any enemy detachment currently within 30 cm and line of fire of the unit is 'marked'.
(This is relevant for interaction with certain other abilities.)
```

Author: Every enemy detachment. It's a passive ability that doesn't require any rolls or choices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* As long as the unit's detachment is not Broken and was not placed on March orders this turn, then:
** Each enemy detachment that is currently within 30 cm and line of fire of the unit is 'marked'.
(This is relevant for interaction with certain other abilities.)
```
